1.Team Name

The Legends

2. Team Members and Githubs

Aidan Bertram, aidanbertram, aibe9737@colorado.edu
Alex Zhou, Alexz3221, alzh7368@colorado.edu
Hamed Sidiqyar, Hasi15954, hasi6172@colorado.edu
Emerson Scott, EmersonScott, emsc7297@colorado.edu

3. Application Name

Madom.com

4. Application Description

Our application will facilitate the renting, buying, and selling of any film or TV show. This is comparable to any streaming service. However, the difference is in the final ownership of a bought film. After purchase, they will have full autonomy to download or obtain a physical copy of whatever they have purchased. In the modern era, many streaming services have changed their outlook, where you subscribe to the service and get to see the shows they have. However, you never get to keep any of the things you pay for. So, our service will differ in final ownership. We may also add a subscription service, but that isn't certain.

Users will have personalized collections based on the films or TV shows they have purchased or rented. This will be linked to their specific accounts. We will have a login and collection page for this. They will have the option, from there, to stream the content or download it. If they desire, we will also give them the option to receive a physical copy of most content. There will also be a store page, where users can browse available content and see specific prices for rental and purchase. 

Additionally, the application will provide recommendations and a streamlined experience for managing and enjoying their media library. Based off previously owned movies, their genres, and other applicable factors such as popularity, we will have a recommendation engine. The media library and story will have various features, such as search by name, genre, actor, etc. It will also have sorting, such as alphabetical, rating, views, etc.

5. Vision Statement

For movie lovers, Who strive to watch films. The Madom is an e-commerce website that allows users to browse and purchase movies and TV. Unlike streaming services, our product lets users own the media they purchase.

6. Github Link

https://github.com/aidanbertram/GroupProject

7. Development Methodology

We will adopt an agile development methodology for developing our movie/film website platform to buy or rent movies. Agile emphasizes iterative development, where requirements and solutions evolve through collaboration between cross-functional teams. Using agile practices, we aim to enhance flexibility, improve product quality, and ensure customer satisfaction.

To streamline our agile process, we will utilize GitHub's built-in tools, including GitHub Issues, Projects, and Actions. These tools will help manage our backlog, track progress, automate workflows, and ensure continuous integration and delivery.

I Hamed will be the scrum master. I will text my group about their progress with the project and it should take about 10 minutes.
The roles for the Project are as listed.
Aidan is the owner of the Github and will look at the backend of the product and will make sure that the team is delivering good code.
Alex will be the designer for the front end and I will go back and forth to Alex and Aidan to see if things are working. 
Emerson will be the one who will help the structural look of the website.

By the end of this we will aim to make a product that will make the user feel they achieved a website that given the experience other users want in a movies/film website.

8. Communication Plan

We will communicate in person after classes, through our group chat, and through our GitHub repository.

9. Meeting Plan

We will meet once a week in person after class depending on what works best for that week. We will aim to do it every Wednesday. 
TA meetings will also be in person after class on Thursdays if that works.

10. Use Case Diagram + 11. Wireframe
https://lucid.app/lucidchart/c5629681-8591-4af4-b2bf-1d5d02729acf/edit?viewport_loc=-428%2C-40%2C2721%2C1370%2C.Q4MUjXso07N&invitationId=inv_4eb39088-54e1-4892-bb22-4d06806409ae

11. Updated Wireframe
https://www.figma.com/design/4xVUW3E5ACrwsHkL65cfOe/Untitled?node-id=0-1&t=TE5TjalQPO75WQjw-0


